How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

The diff or in my case FC helped me cuz it showed me instantly the lines with diffrence between them. Since I know that the old file was working perfectly it makes it much easy to find the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

Huge time saver! tons of time go wasted on humen scanning to find bugs.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

When you reach stable virsion its like save game on Gothic 1/2/3.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Version control treats a project as a whole, not as a bunch of files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

With git log I can see all the commits and by git diff I can monitor the changes between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

You can allways roll backl!

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Demo ionic app.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

compare versions preformence, roll back, bug catching,testing.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, trer each file seperatly?

It depends on the project you working on, each project has its own way.
For example code projects has relations between its files, some files uses others, in that case youll have to save multiple files in one commet due to the projecct demands.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of a file?
